This one is really good.
“Who has been one of your mentors in comedy
that has helped shape who you are?”
Um… Actually, I have quite a few.
Jon Stewart was one,
Stephen Colbert,
uh, Mike Birbiglia.
Uh, but I actually have one that is here today.
Please put your hands together for the one,
the only Mr. John Mulaney, everybody!
John Mulaney, everybody. Let’s hear it!
- Hello, hi.
- Uh, yeah.
- How are you?
- Uh, I’m doing great.
- Nice.
- Yeah.
Do I look at you or them?
You can– It’s…
It’s almost one of those like, weird–
You know how like, it’s the presidential debate,
kind of, where you’re like,
- playing–
- I’ve never run for President, but um…
- But if I do, I’ll remember that.
- Okay. Yeah.
But I would look at my opponent
the whole time, I feel like.
And be like, “What?
How could you say that about me?”
No matter who you were
like, standing next to.
Yeah. I'd be in profile the
whole time and be like,
“For real?”
- “Cory Booker, why would you say that about me.”
- “That's not true.”
- Yeah.
So you have an amazing special
that's coming out December 24th...
- Yes.
- John Mulaney & The Sack Lunch Bunch.
Yeah, John Mulaney & The Sack Lunch Bunch.
It's a children's musical-comedy special.
- Yeah.
You– You guys know what that is, right?
It stars me and, uh,
- fifteen kids ages eight to thirteen.
- Okay.
Um, and it's a general examination
of fear and anxiety, uh...
- with, uh, songs and sketches for kids and adults.
- Okay.
Yeah, that was pretty beautiful.
Alright, so people–
people have asked how I know you, and–
- They've asked how you know me?
- How I know John Mulaney...
- Okay.
- The John Mulaney and–
We’re in the same field.
- We have the same occupation.
- Yeah.
But do you know there was a–
There was a very critical moment, where–
Like, in– In show business
you get so many sort of like, uh,
phone-a-friend.
But, I was getting ready for
the Correspondents’ Dinner.
- Oh, yes, yes, yes.
- And you're one of several people
- that I reached out to.
- Yes.
But you're one of the only
people I reached out to–
Actually, one of two people
that I reached out to, personally
to come down and see the set.
So I– I only had–
No, we only had 19
days to get it ready.
- Yeah.
- And I remember calling you and–
You ever had, get that
anxiety when you're like,
"Hey, we don't hang out that much,
but, I'm– I’m gonna– I’m asking you
to physically be here,
so this is a big deal."
- Uh huh.
- And then...
I have that anxiety with
people I know really well.
Oh, really?
Okay, so I go,
"Okay, I'm asking John to be here.
He's got Petunia, he's got a wife.
Like, this is a lot. He's got to
come down to the Cellar and watch."
Thank you for factoring in my dog.
I appreciate that.
- Yeah, yeah. Have to. And, uh–
- Yes.
You don't know this, but you were–
We were texting back and forth
and you were like,
"Hey, it's running 10 minutes late,
it’s running 15 minutes late."
Did you ever see the 1991 hit movie
Hook starring Robin Williams?
- Absolutely I have. Yeah.
- Yeah. So–
Basically, the Peter Pan story–
- well they know, okay.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, I kept telling Estee, I’m like,
"Hey, can you push me a little bit later?" like–
- Wait, I was running late?
- You were running late.
But you were living your life. And–
- No, that’s not fair though.
- Yeah, wait, wait, wait.
- Hang on, let me get to the good part.
- No, I feel bad. Okay, get to the good part.
Okay.
Okay. So I go, “He's going to come”
and then– It was like, out of a movie. Uh...
where like, Liz is like uh,
"Last comic of the night,"
And I was, "Is, is– Is he gonna make it?"
And then you–
You run out of a rainy night,
in New York City,
you run into The Olive Tree Cafe,
and you're wearing like, this, uh,
like, trench coat.
- Trench coat.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- You come running in and
you kind of like, tousled your hair
and you're like, "I'm– I’m so sorry, man. I'm late."
And then I– I literally for a moment I'm like,
"Dad came to the baseball game."
Remember in the beginning of Hook?
- Yes.
- He doesn’t show up...
- …and like, this is his moment. Yeah.
- Yes. Yes.
- I threw my cell phone out the window,
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- And was like, “Hasan needs me."
- Yeah, yeah.
And then I went on to have like,
a mediocre set ‘cause we were still building it.
My favorite thing about that was that
I think I had a,
a feeling that after you did it,
you were going to do fantastic,
which you did. And I was really–
I was really proud of you
and it was really amazing to watch.
But I also knew that people
were going to send you alcohol.
- Oh, yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I don't drink. You don't drink.
- I don't drink, no.
- And I don't drink not–
because I'm an alcoholic.
And so I was, like,
"He's going to only get alcohol."
So I called the front desk and
I was, "Do you have like a fruit basket?"
And they were like, yes.
I was, like, "Send it up."
- Yes.
- Because everyone else is going
to send a bottle of scotch
and be like, "Good work."
- You did it, yeah.
- You did it, now...
begin drinking.
And I devoured that fruit basket.
There were so many bananas
and apples so thank you for that...
- There were bananas and apples?
- Yeah.
Oh, that’s great. Because
sometimes it's too much melon.
- Yeah.
Yeah. Or sometimes they give you
a pineapple but they don't give you
anything to deal with it.
You know, I find with the cups that you
get in an average New York City,
they call them delis, but they’re
just bodegas with food out exposed.
And when you get a cup, a, fruit,
- A cup fruit.
- A cup fruit, uh...
It's normally all melon,
all cantaloupe,
one piece of pineapple,
one sliver of strawberry...
- And there’ll be like a grape.
- A grape!
- They’ll do a grape.
- Right at the top, a grape,
- to cheat you, to tease you.
Uh, tell us a little bit more about
the special and specifically
why you chose to work with kids.
Okay. So, um, I wanted to do a
comedy special that wasn't stand up.
Uh, why? I don't know.
It's, uh, it’s one of my strengths,
stand up, but I decided to deviate from it.
And, I wanted to do, uh,
something kind of like I grew up on,
which was like, uh,
Sesame Street and 3-2-1 Contact.
- Yes.
- And Free To Be... You and Me.
- Did you ever see Free To Be... You and Me?
- No.
It was, like, an album and
then it was a TV special.
And... did anyone here ever see
Free To Be... You and Me?
Wow, okay.
- No, a couple people said yes.
- A couple people said yes?
Okay. So it was just like,
there was no through line
and it was just songs,
a lot of them sung by adults being like,
"It's hard to be a dad."
- And so I wanted—
- This is in the late ’80s, early ’90s?
This was in the late ’70s and therefore
I still got to see it around ’86.
Got it, and they would play it
on like PBS or something that?
- Yeah.
- Got it.
The way, like, Three's Company
still played when I was a kid,
even though it’d gone off
the air a decade before.
- Right.
- So, I wanted to do something
where kids were just kind of like,
hanging out and like, talking with adults,
’cause that's what
TV was when I was a kid.
It wasn't the, uh, dog detectives
or whatever that is.
- Right, right.
- Um, and...
I also have never really hung out
with 8 to 13 year olds since I was,
like, 8 to 13.
I didn't really want to do anything
about my childhood necessarily.
- Um, I wanted to talk to kids in 2019.
- Yeah.
And then I was writing sketches and songs
for them that were based on my childhood,
and I said, well you're going to do whatever
I— you know, you’re gonna sing the song I wrote.
- Uh huh.
- Uh, but it was like any actor,
I was like, "You'll sing this song
and if you relate to it, you relate to it."
And I thought that kids in 2019
would be extremely different than
kids in 1989.
Well, who do you think has it
harder? Because you hear that take,
“This generation, they're soft.”
There's that sort of…
- They're soft?
- Yeah.
What are you talking about?
The, like, the kids from
this sort of era–
you haven't heard this take?
I've heard, oh, like, oh,
millennials you mean?
Yeah, millennials and Gen Z...
Oh right? ’Cause they get
a participation trophy.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah. Oh, oh how terrible.
- Right.
- As you know, they, they crown—
as you well know, they crown
a prom king back in the day.
- Right.
- Is there anything lamer than that?
- That’s true.
- A participation trophy is just a nice banner.
For some reason we would declare
someone royalty in the middle of like
a dry-humping convention
we were having.
We go, “You– the most popular
kid already– are the king.
And he'd be, "Thank you."
That was a soft generation.
Um, no— these kids are,
I would say, and I'm no sociologist.
- You know that.
- Sure.
But I’d say kids are, uh,
these kids are remarkably like, uh,
moral and, uh,
they're very considerate of others’ feelings...
without it being, like,
enforced that they should be.
It seems internalized.
Whereas I felt when I was a kid,
it was something I had to actively remember.
Oh, that you have a
conscience or you're like…
Yeah, just be, like,
"Oh, no. Don't push."
- You know, like...
- Oh, right, right.
They really had a sense of, like, uh,
they really had empathy for each other.
And they could really self-soothe, you know?
I'd be like, “Your sketch is cut.”
And they'd be, "Ah, okay...
...well, if it’s better for the
show, that’s fine.” You know?
- In real time?
- Yeah.
- That’s incredible.
- And they had kind of a general,
like, um...
yeah, they had a general moral compass
and I’m not,
I don't know all of their religious backgrounds,
but some of them seem to have
kind of like a secular, just moral compass.
Whereas when I was a kid, it was like,
"You'll go to Hell if you do that."
So I'd be, well, I'm not going
to do that ’cause I'll go to Hell.
But I would maybe like to do that.
So I'd like to steal and do all these things.
But, I won't just because of this fire penalty.
Yeah, and they just had that naturally?
They just seemed to naturally know
that you shouldn't upset people and cause crime.
- That’s incredible.
- Yeah.
They were very considerate of each other.
Did you ever ask them about
the afterlife or like, Heaven or Hell?
And were they just, “I've come
to terms with not knowing.”
Like, were they that sort of just stoically...
No, well it's interesting.
Uh, one young man towards
the end of the special…
I interviewed them about their biggest fears—
- Yes.
- And those would become half hour discussions,
- M-hm.
- Uh, just about, um,
also anxiety for the future, what they had.
And one young man towards
the end said, he said,
"I worry about my friends and family dying."
And I said, “Do you do
anything to comfort yourself?”
And he said, "Well, I know
that, uh, even if they're not here,
they'll always be with me in my heart."
- And I was like... ahhhhh.
- Whoa.
Whereas, when I was a kid,
they were like, "Grandpa's up there.”
- Right, right, right, right.
- You'll see him in 80 years."
And I'm like, "You're sure he is?"
And they were like, "Yeah,
he lives on a cloud now.
Put on a suit. We're going to
the worst thing you've ever been through."
These are questions from the audience.
You mind if I ask you some of these?
These were submitted before.
- Oh yeah. Okay. Absolutely.
- Yeah, and they’re here tonight.
Uh, Maddy, are you here?
Maddy’s here.
- Hi, Maddy.
- Maddy wrote,
"John, this July I saw you in New York
carrying Petunia like a heavy sack
while looking very concerned.
Why were you carrying her like that?"
You saw that this July?
I didn’t realize that it was you,
and I thought that it was a man
who had stolen a dog.
You were like this—
Because I was like that.
- With her arms, like this here.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And you were looking around a lot,
and I didn't know it was you.
It was like, "Oh no, that's definitely his dog.
That's the only dog I recognize other than mine."
Yeah. So, uh, my dog during the
summer in New York City likes to pull me
for as many miles as she can.
And then she decides that she's tired
because she's a bulldog and she can't breathe.
So she lays down.
She can.
She lays down on the ground
like a frog, and then I normally
pick her up and I go like,
"Come on, let's go."
And if I drag..
If you drag a dog on the street...
And by the way, you can drag a bulldog
for as long as you want. Okay.
Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
- You're allowed to do that? You can do—
- No, these things are made of stone and they're like...
- They know what they're doing—
- Okay.
And she knows. So I'll just be like,
"Come on." And people are like,
"Are you John Mulaney? You monster."
So, she probably pulled me…
Uh, for a while, she was taking
me towards like, those weird art galleries
in Chelsea like, near the river.
And I was like, "Oh Petunia, come on."
You were going 11th Avenue.
You're going far away.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, oh don’t do that.
Because I'd go, "Hey, let's cut west today."
And she’ll— I'll throw her off the scent
of what she likes, and she goes,
"This is a nice area."
She'd pull me for hours.
So I'd pick her up and carry her rather
than drag her, because when I drag her,
which by the way is fine, uh,
people would be like,
"Why are you hurting Petunia?"
And I'd be like,
"She's hurting me."
So then I carry her right?
So now how do you carry her?
Okay, she's hot, right? July in New York.
Okay, so if I put her over my shoulder,
she's then just breathing into my ear.
Like, “Hehhhhh.”
Some nights on the street...
Some nights on the quiet streets in,
like, the East Village we'll
be walking and it'll be really—
you know, it’ll be like a quiet night.
And we'll be walking behind
someone for a little while.
And gradually Petunia will just
gain on them and be like,
“Hehhhhh.”
And you see these people slowly be like,
"Is there a monster behind me?"
Do they do the check?
- They have to check—
- Uh, yeah, then they turn around and they laugh.
- Oh, boy.
- Because it's a piglet gargoyle.
This is from Easha.
Is Easha here?
E-A-S-H-A.
- Oh, hi, Easha. How are you?
How do I pronounce that? Is it...?
Easha. But you hit it with the A after the E.
Yeah, the A is, like, silent I guess.
Oh, that's wild. Okay.
This is from Easha.
"What is the worst Christmas
present you've gotten?
Oh. Oh, okay.
Um, my grandmother, uh, who's alive,
um, I don't know why...
that's not...
That's not the only thing about her.
- Uh-huh.
- Uh, wonderful woman.
Lived a full life. Anyway, she's alive.
- Anyway.
- Okay.
So, um, she gave us all socks
one year and um, that was...
They were not, like, nice socks.
They were like...
You know you, like, you just get,
like, black socks for like a…
- Oh, the CVS socks. Kind of like those?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah.
- The way like, when like,
you get a suit for a costume and they
staple the socks to it and you're like, “All right.”
- I know what you’re talking about. Yeah.
- So, uh, so we were like, "This is weird."
We were like, "This is a bad... This is weird."
Black dress socks. We're talking
about the gold toe on the heel?
Yeah. Just like, you know, just right next
to the like, reading glasses you get
at Duane Reade. Like just socks.
- I know exactly what you're talking about.
- And we were all looking at them like,
"This is so weird."
And maybe, "I hope she's okay." You know?
And then we all kind of, I don't know,
threw them away or something.
- And then she—
- Not that day. You didn't do it that day?
Uh, I think we did probably in the
paper... In the huge paper.
- They were socks.
- Oh my God.
- She lives in Boston. We're in Chicago.
- Uh huh.
She's never... If… Worst case scenario,
we'd run out and get identical ones.
And then she called up later that day
and said, "Merry Christmas,"
as you do, and we said,
"Merry Christmas." And she said,
"Did you find the money in the socks?"
And we were like,
"What's wrong with you?"
Were you like, were you like,
"How much?"
Yeah. We were... Yeah, then we had to
be like, "Yes," and then had to temper like,
"How much was it and how
much should we be thanking her?"
It was like, "Yes, we found it.
It was generous?"
But that was not the worst gift.
But I think the, uh, the duplicitousness of it,
if I may make up a word, was what was…
- stands out in my memory.
- Got it.
Did you ever find out how much it was?
- It was $20.
- Really? Okay.
All right, this game is going to be really fun.
We've never done this on Deep Cuts.
Um, this game is called Truth or Text.
So basically, I'm going to ask you a question.
- It's a tough one.
- Okay.
And based on this, you can either
choose to answer the question
or you can avoid
answering if you let me
text anyone in your
phone anything I want.
So–
Wait.
Does that premise make sense?
No, that's a really good game.
Wait. That's a really good game.
- It's Truth or Dare, but–
- I'm trying to think what the question
would be that would make me rather—
That would force your hand.
...that I would rather go,
“Text anyone in my phone anything you want.”
- Okay.
- Uh, but—
...surely you've thought of some. Okay.
All right.
You're on a sinking ship with Lorne Michaels—
Okay, you can text—
For real? Okay.
So you, for real, what do you do?
You’re serious.
Unlock the passcode and
I will legitimately text anyone—
“Unlock the passcode.”
My face will do it.
- All right.
- Okay.
- All right. You do that.
- Yes.
And then I get a text
anybody on the phone.
Do you go through
other things on the phone?
- No, no, no, no.
- Okay.
I'll do contacts first. I'm not
going to look through text messages.
- Okay.
- Okay. All right. Here we go.
- And any... All right, you know?
- Yeah, I know.
- Like if anything weird happens, don’t do it.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're enough of a good guy, right?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Okay.
- Okay, here we go.
You got some good ones, man.
Who are you interested in?
- Oh. Hannibal B.
- I’m not going to do Hannibal. No, no.
I like that it's still saved as Hannibal B.
Yeah. Hannibal B (Chicago comic). That's weird.
- What are you in the... You're only in the Cs?
- I'm only in the Cs. I got to... Here we go.
- We're going to go with the big one.
- Ooh.
- Can I?
- [Clears throat]
- I picked Dad.
- Okay.
- No, no, no. It's—
- Because I wanted high... I wanted high stakes.
- No. Yeah, you're a good man. So—
- No, no, no. Now I feel bad.
- No, no, no, you know what?
- I feel bad. I feel bad.
No, no, no, don't. Don't. Don't.
You know, I'm just thinking
through the amount of...
the amount of follow
through I'll have to do.
- You’ve met my dad, too.
- Yes, I have.
Yeah.
- Yes, you have, yeah.
Well we got to D, and from A to D I was like,
"This is really good."
Okay.
Pete Davidson has six numbers by the way.
That's insane.
And none of them are the current one.
Okay.
Oh, you can see—you’re gonna see
the last message from him.
Okay, all right.
Send message.
As if it would be scandalous.
It's from my dad, like...
Okay.
- All right.
- What?
Okay.
“Do you have a minute—”
Oh my God.
“...to talk about anti-vaxx movement?”
“I've just learned a lot about it—”
“...and it seems like
something you'd be into.”
Now you recall that your
sister works at his law firm?
Correct.
Not anymore. She left. She left.
Ah.
I wonder if—no.
What—No.
I was just going to think for a second.
What if he was like, "I haven't
told anyone, but I am anti-vaxx."?
John.
Yeah?
Can I just say this to you as a friend?
- What?
- Totally, like, jokes aside.
- You got to text your dad back.
- Why?
- He's shooting, he's shooting-
- Oh.
- He put up—
- He put up three— He put up four jumpers.
- Oh, okay. Yeah. All right.
Oh yeah. "Hi. Greatly
enjoyed the Conan interview."
- Pass him the ball back.
- Aww. Okay. Yeah, I should have texted him.
I mean, this is going to...
This is going to force his hand.
And now I have to... Okay.
Do I have to wait to
tell him what happened?
- What this is? Yes.
- Okay, great. Great.
So, your special is a
variety show that involves music,
- children, comedy, everything.
- Yeah.
And it's called
John Mulaney & The Sack Lunch Bunch.
Yes.
I actually did a crossover
video with a bunch of desi teens.
Yes.
It was Hasan Minhaj
and the Tupperware Teens.
Basically just brown children who grew
up taking Tupperware to school for lunch,
and then we just talked about, like, the pain
and angst that they had to deal with—
Yeah.
... and they're here with us tonight.
Everyone put your hands together.
Guys, come on up on stage.
Guys— this is John Mulaney, you guys.
- Hi, how are you?
- Hi!
- Good.
- Oh my gosh.
Good, nice, nice.
Oh, thank you very much.
So, these guys had a
bunch of questions for you.
Okay.
And, uh, they wrote them down.
- They'd like to ask you some questions.
- Yeah, yeah, go ahead.
- So Abeer, why don't you ask— yeah.
- Hi, Abeer!
Hi.
My name is Abeer Khan.
I am 13 and I'm from
Yonkers, New York.
All right. Yeah. Nice.
Very nice. Very nice.
First question.
At what age did you realize your head
was always going to be too big for your body?
Preschool? So, I was four years old.
I have a school photo
where it's, like, just teetering.
It's a tiny Lacoste shirt and
a neck and then this huge head.
So, I was four years old.
Oh wow.
So my name is
Jena Adya Dookie and my question is,
why do old, well, adults
always look so unhappy?
- Yes, okay.
- Yeah.
I don't know what it is, okay.
Adults... And I learned this...
Did you go through your wedding
photos and notice a lot of people were like...
- Yeah. Like you mean—You’re talking about—
- Okay. Like ‘cause people—
older, not older I mean even our age—
resting face becomes not as like…
you know, it's like…
And so now at weddings, cause it
happens, it just gradually slacked.
It's this, the thing where you're like your
face is like that, that's going to go away.
So, it slackens.
Now at weddings,
if I think the photographer's
in range, the whole time I'll be like...
And my wife's like,
"You look like a psychopath!"
And I'll be like,
"But, the photos will turn out well!"
Right.
When you flip through and see all your friends,
in like– squinting in the sun, just like…
And they're... I know they had a good
time, but you know, there's no evidence.
Hi, I'm Teji Yijayakumar. I'm 17,
and I'm from Yonkers, New York.
My question was, what's something that
adults didn't warn you about getting older?
Oh.
Oh, uh, like constantly
being hotter– like body heat.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just like this. Like ahhhhhhh...
- That whatever.
- Yeah, temperature, temperature.
Just general body temperature.
General— body temp
fluctuations based on stress.
Well, I'm Suhani Madan.
I'm 15. And my—
Are you from Yonkers?
No, I'm from Manhattan.
- You're from Manhattan?
- I’m from here. Yeah.
Yeah, you didn't say it
’cause you didn't want to rub it in.
So my question is,
do you know Russell Peters?
Um, I...
A small smattering begins.
- I've met Russell.
- Okay.
- Uh, at The Cellar.
- But do I know him?
- Yeah?
- No!
- I mean, this is big for the desi teens.
- I know, but do you know him?
- Yeah. Of course!
Well then, be impressed with that!
I don't, I don't—
Although I've met him.
Does meeting mean you know someone?
- I think so. That counts.
- By adult standards or children standards?
- Okay, if we passed each other on the street—
- Yeah.
...we'd be on...we'd say hello.
- Hey.
- Gotcha.
- Right?
- Yeah!
- Okay.
Yeah, I'm very close
with Russell Peters.
Alright, so my name is Sahir Mir.
Where are you from? What borough?
I'm from– actually from
Princeton, New Jersey.
- Oh, okay.
- I’m not from here.
And I'm 16 years old.
Uh, so my question is, uh,
what are you going to do
when you're not funny anymore?
No, no. This is a very good question.
Wait. Being funny is not
like having an ACL that's not…
I think it goes in waves.
You really think that, like, you got
12 good years in you, you know, like…
- You mean I had or have?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Like, it started with The New Kid,
- I don't know.
- and let’s see how long...
- I don’t…
New in Town and...
- you've got maybe a decade and—
- I like they said New Kid—
- Yeah, sorry.
- just pushing them all together.
- Kid Gorgeous. Yeah, yeah.
- That’s my own fault.
- New Kid Gorgeous in Town.
Um, I… so like…
but don't you think there'll be a dip?
I'm thinking like 50 to 60,
like, uh, not funny.
60…
...getting funny again.
75 to 90, I am going to be so funny.
I feel everything
about me is going to click.
- Everything will all click together.
- Yeah, it'll finally makes sense.
Got it.
But from 50 to 60,
what do comedians do?
I'll try, I'll be on, like, whatever
the equivalent of The Good Wife is.
- Sure. Recurring character.
- I'll be like...
- "That's disgraceful!" you know?
- Right.
And ah...
And then, you know, I'll ride that out and
then I'll be a funny old man in a tuxedo.
Got it.
What would you do if you went bald?
Oh, very slim chance of that.
You know that for sure?
Well, are you supposed to
go by your mother's father?
You're supposed to
go by your grandfather.
- Yeah.
- On your mom's side.
- No one in my family lost their hair.
- Okay.
So if I go bald,
I did something wrong.
What do you mean if I lost my hair?
Do you mean in terms of,
uh, coverage or just open-ended?
Just open-ended.
Okay. Here's what I would do.
I would, in the beginning, go full…
not hairpiece, not hair system.
- Full toupee. Like full—
- Oh, no! No, no, no
- And I would see.
- You don't want the toupee. No.
I know, but I would see—
- I would invite all of yous over to dinner.
- Sure.
You, Hannibal B., everyone,
- And I would just, I would see...
- Everyone?
- if friends...yeah, yeah.
- Maybe Dad? Who knows.
I want to, I would like to just
show up and see if friends just—
and it would be kind of purple-ish.
You know how they
can't match brown hair?
Yeah, right.
And I will just see if my friends say
anything and I'll do that for like a month.
It would be aggressive, too.
Toupees are so aggressive.
- A full toupee in this day and age—
- Do you guys know what a toupee is?
Yeah.
Abeer, you know
what a toupee is, Abeer?
Kinda, yeah.
- What do you think it is?
- Wait, wait, wait.
It's kind of? Or you do?
Kind of.
Okay. What do you think it is?
Like, an old man wig?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They can sometimes
be as simple as like just—
as simple—
it can sometimes be just that…
they can sometimes fill in that part.
But there are those,
uh, there are those few,
who have decided to wear full wigs,
uh, that cover their entire head...
...in a hairstyle and
hair that is not their own.
Uh, Phil Spector was one of these.
He was a music producer
and he, uh, did many things,
and now he's in prison.
But he was very–
he did a lot before that.
Well, this story is actually,
it bridges us to our next game.
So, you know, me and the Tupperware
Teens were children of immigrants.
We grew up here. Our parents
got here around the ’80s, ’90s.
So, a lot of our pop culture
references start there.
So, in India, the number of American
pop culture references that you know…
Yeah.
Like, for example, for my father,
it's kind of, it's Michael Jackson,
Tom Cruise, uh...
...and I think probably Tom Brokaw,
when he first got to the States.
- Oh, interesting!
- You know what I mean?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- There's only five people...
So, this game is called,
Why Are People Obsessed With This?
Okay.
Now the older I've gotten,
um, and the more I've assimilated,
I've just started to ask people,
"What's the deal with this person?"
And we all kind of
have these references—
- And we want to ask you...
- Okay.
...so you can contextualize that for us.
So, let's start this off.
Bruce Springsteen.
Okay.
Explain it to me.
Oh.
Like why?
Really?
For real. For real.
I went to go see him on Broadway.
Jon Stewart obsessed
with Bruce Springsteen.
I remember seeing it on
Broadway and I was like, "What?"
There's this guy with the raspy voice,
"Man, we were just kids...”
“...trying to get to the city.”
“...We look past that bridge and…”
- “...there was a sleepy town behind us.”
- That generally—
- I go, "Why is this dude...?"
- Yeah.
Because that
generation of Baby Boomers
rebelled against their
parents and they played Frisbee
and they thought that ended
the Vietnam war and it didn't.
And then they like–
their parents passed away
and their brains broke
and they became so
nostalgic for this fake nonsense.
I'm not—
- I like Bruce Springsteen.
- Is he a good artist?
- I think he's a good artist.
- I don’t even know.
Yeah, he's got great songs,
but his whole thing of like,
"I got a ’52 Chevy."
It’s like, you never did!
Right. Okay. Okay.
I’m all Billy Joel, who is just like,
“Hot dogs are fun!” You know?
And he's good?
- Billy Joel?
- Billy Joel’s great? Okay.
Yeah. I'm more, if you were
to divide them into two camps,
I'd be Billy Joel over
Bruce Springsteen.
So, Bruce Springsteen is American
men who have never done manual labor,
in their lives, turning that
song on and feeling that they have.
Got it. Okay.
Abeer, why don't you go?
Who do you got?
Okay, I have Goldie Hawn.
Goldie Hawn?
Okay.
Well, Goldie Hawn came on the
scene in a show called Laugh-In,
which apparently was funny,
and it was in like, the late ’60s
and she was in like, a bikini.
And like, that was the show. Yeah.
And people were like,
"This is groundbreaking!"
But it was just very misogynistic.
And they would have like, uh, like,
it was like, it was like hippies and stuff,
and they'd have swirly colors.
So, again, Baby Boomers,
they liked her a lot.
And then, um,
and then, Goldie Hawn...
How do you feel about Goldie Hawn?
- I like her! Because...
- Okay.
...she's always been like,
"Hi!" You know?
She's always been
here and that's fun.
And, uh, she's married
to Kurt Russell, is that right?
- Yeah.
Jena, you had one though, right?
Jimmy Buffett.
Good. Keep it. Don't correct there.
You need not know.
I don't know. I don't know.
Why are people
obsessed with Jimmy Buffett?
I don't know. I don’t know.
He has one song that those of us
who know who he is, know this song.
He has full concerts, apparently,
where other songs are played.
I don't understand it.
I think it's like, for people
that like, like, barbecuing.
And, yeah.
You needn't bother investigating.
I have Richard Gere.
Richard Gere?
- Yes.
- Gere.
Um, I don't know.
Like, I was kind of young for that.
He was in a movie
called American Gigolo.
And I think he was the first...
He, like, he would like,
squint and people liked that.
Like, for me, like,
it was Pretty Woman.
I remember being
a kid and they're like,
"Hey, this is Richard Gere!"
- And I go, "Okay."
- Yeah, yeah.
But I didn’t— I remember that too.
And I was like, “okay...” you know?
They're like, "Julia Roberts!" And
I was like, "I don't know who that is!"
And they were like, "And Richard Gere!"
And I was like, "Again, I don't."
Uh, I guess they– by Hollywood
standards, he was “off-beat” looking,
which means he was
incredibly handsome.
Gotcha. Teji, why don't you go.
Um, I have Stevie Nicks.
Stevie Nicks. Oh! Well—
- This is a big deal. For well—
- This is a big deal?
Well, I asked Stevie Nicks to be in my
children's special and, uh, she said no...
and she was unavailable,
but also it was passed along to me
that she didn't like the material.
And I said, "Oh, that's okay.
You know, unavailable was fine."
Stevie Nicks is like, if your mom
picked you up in the car
and like, was like,
"Ugh." Like, "Another day."
And then she'd turn on Stevie Nicks.
She would then be
transported to a magical world
where she was a sorceress of sorts.
And so, to a lot of
our mothers roughly—
and a little younger than
me— mothers’ generation.
This was like, they
put on a song called like,
“Bella Donna” and
they would go to another place
and that's why she matters.
Sahir, why don't you go?
Yeah, I don't
understand Barbara Streisand.
You don't understand
Barbara Streisand?
Why did that
provoke such a response?
- This is why we can't be open about it!
- I can't,
- People are all like, “Oh, Barbra Streisand.”
- I can’t imagine a less...
- Yeah.
- not less sympathetic person,
but I can't imagine a
person who would elicit
fewer “awws” than Barbara Streisand.
Yeah.
Oh, Barbara Streisand, yeah, okay.
Who is she? Why are
people obsessed with it?
And why is us not
knowing about it a problem?
So, like, tons of people were Jewish,
but...
...like, no one had ever been
like, "I'm the star!" You know?
And people were like, "Okay."
And, uh, she was a good
singer, really young, I believe.
And she was like, um,
like 40 when she was 18.
Is that fair? I think that's fair.
And then she was, like, an icon.
Like, I don't think there was ever a
time where she wasn't an icon.
- Yeah.
So, she's been beloved since—
I think like, when she
was like, like, she was in like,
Funny Freckles or
something, I don’t even know.
And she was like, people
were like, "That's a star."
And she wasn't even—
you know what they did to her?
Is they pulled her out of
her own generation, too.
So, they were like you're for old
people and for people your age.
And so she's just been
pulled back and forth
and she has a shopping
mall in her basement.
That's not a lie. She has a
mall, but— that is a free to her.
But she goes into the shops.
She lives in Malibu.
That is a strange fact. John, do you
have any questions for them?
What advice do you
have for a 37-year-old?
Try not to act too young
’cause it's just weird.
No offense! No offense!
- No offense! I didn’t mean it like that.
- Maybe take the jacket off.
- That um...
- There's no way we're going to top that.
- The Tupperware Teens, everybody!
- Thank you, Tupperware Teens.
You guys can head
back there. Thank you.
One more time for Mr. John Mulaney!
Thanks, everybody.
John Mulaney &
The Sack Lunch Bunch
comes out December 24th
only on Netflix!
- Bye, buddy. Thank you.
- Thank you, man. Really, that was so—
- I need to go call my dad.
- Really?
Yeah, yeah.